# Contents
```toc
```
# Introduction
This is like the **The only guide that can make doxers question their reality and how to checkmate them** but it mainly focuses on anonymity, but please read that guide too.

# Taking control of your accounts(Summarized)
1. Secure your accounts: Teaching you how to manage securely & separate your personal & non personal accounts.
2. Remove traces: Dox yourself before the others and remove personal information.
3. No connections: Same as **Secure your accounts** but It's making sure.
4. Delete Garbages: Deleting old accounts.

# Randomizing Names
This is probably one of the best ways to not easily get tracked by searching multiple social media platforms for your name. it also prevent social media finding tools like Sherlock and because your accounts names are randomized It's impossible to know your other accounts you use unless you link them to one and another. In an instance your Breached username is "T0ront0Man" and your Nulled username is "JeffyBoi" there is no way they would know your Nulled account unless you link it to your Breached account.

# IP
You all probably know the answer. It will be VPN, Tor/Proxy BUT they are not enough to exposed your IP, you also need to disable your WebRTC because It can leak your real IP. Just search in DuckDuckGo "How to disable WebRTC in {YourBrowserName}".

**VPNs I Recommend:**
1. Private Internet Access
2. NordVPN
3. SurfShark
4. ExpressVPN
5. MulVad
6. iVPN
7. WindScribe

**Is Tor good?**
Yes, it's very good, but please do not login to websites that are not encrypted.

**What about proxy?**
Public proxies literally log, like almost 95% of all proxies in the world log data, but the best solution is to proxy chain.

# Payments
If you want to keep payments secure then just use crypto currencies. I recommend **Monero**.

# Privacy Policy
If you want to use a platform on the internet, a website or a software basically everything If they have a privacy policy please read it before using it or If they don't have don't be afraid to contact them and ask them about the data they log or their privacy policy.

# Yourself
This is probably the best protection ever, don't be an idiot and say details that can identify you or even the accounts that you want to keep private even if the person your talking to is your friend on the internet (Only).
# Websites For Privacy Testing
https://browserleaks.com/
https://www.amiunique.org/
https://www.dnsleaktest.com/

# The End
If you have any suggestions feel free to suggest by making an issue in this repository or in our Discord server. [[Part 6 - The End]]